---
title: "Projects"
date: 2017-12-27T12:37:00.000Z
draft: false
---

## GatorGrader

As I talked about previously, I have worked on GatorGrader. GatorGrader is an
automated testing tool that helps students know what should be accomplished
within a lab and/or practical that is assigned by the professor. While this is
a tool that is made by students and built by students, it allows professors
to also have a tool to assist in grading. I, personally, have worked with professors
in my department to add features to the tool that are fulfilling their needs
that they need for their students. Also with GatorGrader, I have worked on creating
solution and starter repositories which means I have edited and created YAML files
that link directly to what checks are necessary for the labs and practicals.
GatorGrader is also an open-source project which has opened my eyes to working on
something that is getting contributions from people who I have not worked with
directly but can learn from.

## Coffee Confusion
In my second ever Computer Science course, I was given the opportunity to create
my own project as my final. When first going into this project, I knew the
only way to find a starting point was to find something I was passionate about
and build a program for it. Consequently, this was coffee. I worked with a partner
to create Coffee Confusion! It is a program that has 5 classes, each having
a main purpose. The program works by having user's answer questions based off of
weather and what they like. All of this information is stored in an ArrayList of
type String. It is then compared to the text file that is read in and parsed through
For my final code rpoject in antoher class, I decided to add another layer to this
coffee tree. Consequently, this resulted in another question being added to the
mix which resulted in a different print line being otputted or being returned to
another function and class if they had too much sleep.

## Corletti's Cup Website

Considering that I have taken a Web Development class, I had a final project that
had to be complete. My idea stemmed from my love for coffee and the fact that I
am on the Executive Board of Grounds for Change, a non profit student run organization.
However, this soon became a fun project that could become a reality. My brother
and I had always wanted to start a business and this was the perfect opportunity.
Because of this, my brother and I have begun roasting our own beans and improving
the website with what we find necessary for our business to grow. It is an experience
like this that shows how inspiring computer science can be to the world and the
people in it with blossoming ideas. If you would like to check out Corletti's Cup,
follow this [link](https://corletticup.netlify.com)!
